Add Third-Party Applications documentation (#870)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/authenticate/identity-providers/promote-connections-to-domain-level.mdx

import {AuthCodeGroup} from "/snippets/AuthCodeGroup.jsx";

When you promote a connection to domain level, any [third-party application](/docs/get-started/applications/third-party-applications) in your tenant can use it to authenticate users. This is the primary mechanism for enabling third-party applications to access your identity providers — if a connection is not promoted to domain level, third-party applications cannot use it unless they have an explicit client-to-connection mapping.

> Promoting connections to domain level is especially important when you use [Dynamic Client Registration](/docs/get-started/applications/dynamic-client-registration), because dynamically registered clients cannot be individually mapped to connections at creation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you promote a connection to domain level, any [third-party application](/docs/get-started/applications/third-party-applications) in your tenant can use it to authenticate users. This is the primary mechanism for enabling third-party applications to access your identity providers — third-party applications can only make use of domain connections.
```

Consider also updating page title to make the third-party app use case clearer - `Promote to Domain Level to Enable Third-Party Applications`?
